Update quickstart.mdx (#79)
readysettech/docs: pages/quickstart.mdx

**4. Cache a query!**

<Callout type="warning">

> Cached query latencies will be slow on Macs with Apple Silicon.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Query performance will be slow on Macs with Apple Silicon.
```

both cached and proxied query performance will be slow
